she's fishing
construction is now it gives what
advantage that's why you are exactly like that
this vertical is even more comfortable to watch
when a branch do you define a bite by
sag that is clean on the tip yes
which one how would you stand watching
what do you see that you scored because what
at what point is this anyway what are you
yelling
she's under your load feeder hotels
what additional course is as
friends yes yes yes yes yes
here and again you see from the fishing scheme
so let's say here is the organization of gear too
depends and the way it is loaded
the feeder here in this case it helps
you years it turns out that already cut
do you need to start playing
tip we crouched them something after all this is not
very convenient to carp so there
who is this bell hanging it
strain begins so fast lakes
someone goes hooks to power in the key
well imported bend so yes well and not
the best others in general are not now
I use no such only they
really out he swallowed everything
completely hook the city ​​hit him in
on average it's okay to take such good
Excellent tackle back view but I
Then let's take a picture of God forbid
away was